#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Taki is a card game invented by Haim Shapir.
 In Taki the cards could be color cards(i.e red,green,blue and yellow) or
 without any color.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Taki consist of three types of cards: numbers and special cards which are
 color cards and special cards without color.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The game is played like so, at the beginning each player receive 8 cards
 and a card is placed openly in the pile.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
On each player's turn he can choose from the following options: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
a) Draw a card from the deck.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
b) Given the color of the card in the pile, the player can remove a card
 from his hand of the same color.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
c) The player can remove a card from his hand of the same value(?) as the
 card in the pile but in different color.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
d) The player can remove a card from his hand if it that card has no color.
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Our goal was to make an agent that could learn to play taki smartly despite
 the
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
known computational complexity which was introduced by the game - by the
 number of cards and the sheer amount of actions and states.
 
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Title
Approach and Method
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We have tried to achieve our goal via a heuristic agent, a exceptimax agent
 and through reinforcement learning.
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The exceptimax agent occasionally didn't manage to finish a game in time
 due to the number of actions he possesses and the number of his opponent.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
meaning that with a large branching factor the game was stuck.
 Therefore we have made a turn for alphabeta pruning agent in hope that
 it would ease the complexity
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
